Update dataminer_metrics.md (#3154)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/Metrics/dataminer_metrics.md

| 7 | Number of SLAs | DMS | 10,000 ||
| 8 | Number of concurrent active alarms | DMS<br>DataMiner Cube | 10,000 | DataMiner Cube will enter protection mode when the number of alarms increases above this limit. In protection mode, the system will remain fully functional. However, not all active alarms will be pushed to the client.<br>Note: This setting is configurable. 10,000 is the recommended default value. |
| 9 | Number of concurrent active alarms | DMA | 25,000 ||

> | 10 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA continuously | DMA | 400 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> Assuming that QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |
> | 11 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA in burst mode | DMA | 1,000 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> Assuming that QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |

Reviewer: Because the sentence structure is a little iffy, I'd suggest this change:
```suggestion
| 10 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA continuously | DMA | 400 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> The QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |
| 11 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA in burst mode | DMA | 1,000 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> The QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |
```

Author: I'm wondering if it will not be confusing for the user when it is changed like this? If I read this "The QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay" then I would understand it as "it does not matter how fast/slow the QAction is, it will how no impact on the trap metrics", while I want to express with this sentence that the QActions that process traps can also have a negative impact on the metrics and with the mentioned metrics it is assumed that there are no QActions that are blocking everything. If you don't agree, then I'm fine with it and it can be merged.

Reviewer: OK, to prevent such confusion, we could adjust it a bit further:
```suggestion
| 10 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA continuously | DMA | 400 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> In this case, the QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |
| 11 | Number of SNMP traps per second received on a DMA in burst mode | DMA | 1,000 | Logging levels of SNMP Managers set to No logging (0). <br> DefaultReceiveWindow set to at least 65536 in the Windows registry. <br> Total bytes of received traps within a time window of 5ms do not exceed the UDP buffer size. <br> In this case, the QActions that process the trap content are not introducing a significant delay, nor are the elements busy executing other logic that might prevent or delay the traps from being processed. |
```

Author: That suggestion looks good.
